Pagetree Macro and ReadMe.md update (#329)
kovetskiy/mark: README.md

they start with capital letters. Every skipped field will have the default
value, so feel free to include only the ones that you require.

[Confluence TOC Macro]:https://confluence.atlassian.com/conf59/table-of-contents-macro-792499210.html

### Insert PageTree

```markdown
# My First Heading
<!-- Include: ac:pagetree -->
```

The pagetree macro works almost the same as the TOC above, but the tree behavior

> is more desireable for creating placeholder pages above collectiosn of SOPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is more desirable for creating placeholder pages above collections of SOPs.
```

What is SOP in this context?

Author: I could have wrote documents.
I use it to organize standard operating procedure documentation.
